[BLOG] August community update (#226)
pulsar-edit/pulsar-edit.github.io: docs/blog/20230801-Daeraxa-AugustUpdate.md

This is done by providing a "language identifier" to the codeblock in order to signal to Pulsar what language you want it to highlight. For example, if you wanted to embed some javascript in a document, you would need to start the code fence like this:

````
```javascript
````

or 

````
```js
````

The issue was that this list of identifiers had not been updated for a long time, and people used to other tools and applications with this same functionality (for example, within GitHub and various static site generators) were finding that identifiers they commonly used were not being correctly identified.

> This change adds some significant improvements to this system, not content with *only* updating the existing list of languages to match GitHub's [Liguist](https://github.com/github-linguist/linguist/blob/master/lib/linguist/languages.yml) libary but massively extending the system to allow users to tailor the behaviour to suit their own needs. In addition to the "Linguist" (GitHub) mode, it adds in lists for other tools such as "Chroma" (Codeberg, Gitea, Hugo), "Rouge" (GitLab, Jekyll) and "HighlightJS" (Markdown-IT). In many cases, these will be identical and users can leave it on the existing default mode (Liguist). However, for those who rely on Pulsar and the `markdown-preview` package to correctly display code as it will be used on the platform of their choice, this allows them to not have to modify the identifier between their editor and their production files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change adds some significant improvements to this system, not content with *only* updating the existing list of languages to match GitHub's [Linguist](https://github.com/github-linguist/linguist/blob/master/lib/linguist/languages.yml) library but massively extending the system to allow users to tailor the behaviour to suit their own needs. In addition to the "Linguist" (GitHub) mode, it adds in lists for other tools such as "Chroma" (Codeberg, Gitea, Hugo), "Rouge" (GitLab, Jekyll) and "HighlightJS" (Markdown-IT). In many cases, these will be identical and users can leave it on the existing default mode (Linguist). However, for those who rely on Pulsar and the `markdown-preview` package to correctly display code as it will be used on the platform of their choice, this allows them to not have to modify the identifier between their editor and their production files.
```
